I would have very commonly worn a latex dress. I
may have started out in high heels. I would have
ended up not in high heels. Unlike the men, women
tended to wear outfits. But those of us who were
fucking and doing other kinds of play, I mean,
sometimes the outfits just come off. Yeah, you’re
talking to somebody… If I was going to a fetish
party, which I did a lot of, we would spend hours
getting dressed. And we would plan for two days
what we were going to wear, but to a bathhouse
party? Whatever outfit I wore was minimal, and
might end up off. I mean, a latex dress, it’s like
woosh.
You know, it’s as quick and easy as
a tank-top. A slightly long tank-top.
That's the outfit. The bag has lube, gloves, and various
toys. We would bring chucks. Chucks are disposable
incontinence pads that you can just throw down,
and they’re called chucks because you chuck ’em
out when you’re done. Some people show up with
like a frigging suitcase of toys. I’m lazy. So,
I like to have a small collection of fun toys that
are easy to use. I don’t have to like swing real
hard to throw a flogger. You know, a little
tiny rubber one will do quite a trick. So,
the outfit, wasn’t the important part,
the toy bag’s the important part.